Document another case of GHC-53786 (#364)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-53786/case-expr-in-do-block/index.md

---
title: Case expression in do-block
---

> The expression in one branch of the case expression is a do-block that's missing a `do`; the whole case-expression is interpreted as LHS of a bind in the top-level do-block. See also: https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/issues/984

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expression in one branch of the case expression is a `do`-block that's missing a `do`. This triggers a corner case in the grammar of Haskell, and the `case`-expression is interpreted as the pattern part of a bind statement in the top-level `do`-block. 

More details are available at https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/issues/984
```

Reviewer: I think that these changes render it a bit easier to follow - the original version had a fairly long sentence that took me a couple of passes. What do you think?

Author: This does read better, thanks!
